All right.
This concludes our module on springs dependency injection.
You saw a lot of different tools here.
I don't know if you're familiar with dependency injection and other signs such as with angular J S or
something so springs model is quite a bit more mature than what I've seen in some of the javascript
frameworks so they do.
Dependency Injection but not to the level of spring and we're only really scratching the surface here
we're going to see a lot more dependency injection because dependency injection and version control
are absolutely core concepts to the spring framework and it's really kind of what.
Why is spring and so popular.
Because it gives you so much versatility in the enterprise.
So I'm kind of excited.
We kind of threw a little dry stuff here I apologize it's hard to make it that exciting because they're
not really building World War stuff or we're just going to kick the tires but Dependency Injection is
so fundamental.
I hope you got a lot of this module and we got a lot more great stuff to come in this course.